Updating info about the champions program (#431)
ropensci/roweb3: content/champions/_index.md

The rOpenSci Champion Program [is part of a series of activities and projects we are carrying out to ensure our research software serves everyone in our communities](/blog/2021/12/20/inclusive-leadership-program/) and is supported through a grant from the Chan Zuckerberg Initiative.

> **The 2022 calls for Champions and mentors have closed.**
> <br>
> Consider getting involved in 2023! 
> <br>
> The 2023 calls will be announced in September or October 2023, on this page, 

> > in our [newsletter](https://ropensci.org/news/) and our social networks.

Reviewer: I added this (because I couldn't put in a suggestion so far away from your changes), see if you like it!

Author: Yes, it is perfect!

## How to apply 

> The call for this year has already closed.
> 
> We will make another call, next year.  We will announce it in our [newsletter](https://ropensci.org/news/) and our social networks.

Reviewer: Same wording I suggest in at the top
```suggestion
**The 2022 calls for Champions and mentors have closed.**

Consider getting involved in 2023! 

The 2023 calls will be announced in September or October 2023, on this page, 
in our [newsletter](https://ropensci.org/news/) and our social networks.
```

### Application Timeline

|Date|Event|Status|

> |----|-----|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|----|-----|------|
```

|Sep 23, 2022|Call for Application opens| Done |
|Oct 24, 2022|[OPTIONAL] [Community Call - Tips for submitting your Champions Program application](/commcalls/oct2022-champions/)| Done |
|Nov 1, 2022|[OPTIONAL] [Co-working hours](/events/coworking-2022-11/): receive help with your application to the Champions Program.| Done |

> |Nov 7, 2022|Call for applications closed| Close |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Nov 7, 2022|Call for applications closed| Closed |
```

|Nov 30, 2022|Communication with selected Champions.| |

## Do you have any questions?

> Please, contact our Community Manager [by email](mailto:yabellini@ropensci.org). 

Reviewer: Simpler?
```suggestion
Please, [email](mailto:yabellini@ropensci.org) our Community Manager. 
```

Reviewer: Oh, hadn't realized. I'll have to learn more about how the screen readers work with links!

Author: I'm learning about how to improve this aspect.

> You can also check our resources about the program in English and Spanish.

Reviewer: To be absolutely clear that the resources are below (at first I thought there was a link missing).
```suggestion
You can also explore the following resources about the program in both English and Spanish.
```
